[Documentation] Update docs with v2 (#1126)
DataDog/integrations-extras: traefik/README.md

### Configuration

<!-- xxx tabs xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "v2" xxx -->

#### About v2

> For information about the changes from v1 to v2, see the [Traefik migration guide][5]. For information about the latest version, see [Traefik documentation][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about the changes from v1 to v2, see the [Traefik migration guide][5]. For information about the latest version, see the [Traefik documentation][6].
```

#### Metric collection

Follow [Traefix's documentation][7] to send [Traefix metrics][8] to Datadog.

#### Log collection

**Available for Agent >6.0**

> By default, [Traefik logs][9] are sent to stdout. This should not be changed for containerized version, as the Datadog Agent is able to collect logs directly from container `stdout`/`stderr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, [Traefik logs][9] are sent to stdout. This should not be changed for containerized version, because the Datadog Agent can collect logs directly from the container `stdout`/`stderr`.
```

      Change the `path` and `service` parameter values and configure them for your environment.

4. [Restart the Agent][19]

#### Trace collection

**Available for Traefik v1.7+**

1. [Enable APM][23] for Datadog, if needed.
2. Follow [Traefix's documentation][24] to send traces to Datadog.

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxz tabs xxx -->

### Validation

[Run the Agent's `status` subcommand][25] and look for `traefik` under the Checks section.

## Compatibility

The check is compatible with all major platforms.

> **Metrics**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Metrics
```

Author: Hey @apigirl ! I tried to use ##Metrics but then the section would disappear. I think it might be related to how the magic sentence is setup under ##Metrics, even though I didn't use the magic sentence under the new "Metrics" section that I added.
